Veteran Dog

1st, KEARNAN & WILSON, MRS S & MISS F – IR/NLD/BEL/LUX/HR/SWISS/INT CH CLYNALWIN'S NUKON VW

(CH/IR/NLD/BEL/INT CH CLYNALWIN'S KAYSON IR/INT VCH CVW24 CW24 - ZENTRUMS YANKA AT CLYNALWIN)

10-year-old large, substantial male of very good type. Strong and masculine throughout with a well-proportioned head and pleasing expression, complemented by firm, correctly carried ears. Good length of neck flowing cleanly into well-defined withers and a firm, straight back. Croup of good length, though slightly steep. Well-constructed forehand with good shoulder placement and a well-laid upper arm of good length. Correct feet and pasterns with a good underline. Sound coming and going, standing correct both front and rear. A well-balanced mover who covered the ground with ease, maintaining a firm topline and displaying good reach and hind drive, particularly commendable for his age. A worthy winner.

2nd, SMITH, MRS I & MISS S – PORTNALL ELRICK ZU SAROCAL ShCM VW

(Ch Conbhairean Freddie x Hazroh Savannah at Portnall)

A 10½-year-old sable male of pleasing type with very good height to length proportions, presenting a very good masculine head with a particularly lovely expression. He displays a normal wither and a straight, firm back flowing into a croup of good length, though slightly steep. Very good forehand assembly with a correct underline and well-developed hind angulation. He stands correct in front and is firm coming towards, though could be a little firmer behind. On the move he demonstrated a free-flowing gait with very good reach. Not much between these two males, both of excellent type and overall construction. Lovely to see 10-year-olds still looking so healthy and well.

Minor Puppy Dog

1st, DODDS & SWIFT, MR N & MS A – MONKSLEY ULKAN

(BENZES VOM AMUR (IMP DEU) x MONKSLEY FENDI)

6½-month-old black and gold male of very good type, free from exaggeration. Strong, well-proportioned head with a confident and alert expression and firm ears of correct carriage. Good length of neck flowing into high withers and a straight, firm back. Croup well moulded, though it could be slightly longer. Good forehand angulation with a correct underline and very good hind angulation. Stands correct and firm both front and rear and is sound coming and going. Once settled in his gait he showed very good ground-covering movement with balanced reach and powerful drive, maintaining the clean and harmonious outline expected of a young male of this type. Very pleased to award him Best Puppy Dog.









Puppy Dog

1st, MEREDITH, MISS K – GREUSENBERG BRAVO

(CH BLERIO BEZIQUE AT MASCANI - MARLISH JUBILEE)

11-month-old black and tan long coat male of good type. Masculine head with a pleasing expression; the eye could ideally be darker. Normal wither and straight back flowing into a croup that is slightly short and steep. Good forehand and hind angulation with a clean underline. Pasterns should be firmer and he should develop more firmness in elbows and hocks. On the move he shows very good forward reach with a coordinated, balanced gait; however, he has a tendency to rise slightly over the back in movement.

Junior Dog

1st, CASSIDY & FARLEY, MR P & MRS N – NIKONIS STANLEY

(CH RENO DE LA PETITE LAETICIA – MAGICVOM HERBRAMER WALD)

Medium sized, medium strength 15-month-old sable male. Presents a masculine head with an expressive outlook, firm well-carried ears and a dark eye. Good length of neck leading into a normal wither and a straight, firm back. The croup is slightly steep but of good overall length. Hindquarters are very well angulated; the upper arm is somewhat short and steep. Firm in the elbows and almost sound behind. Moves with an easy, coordinated action, maintaining balance throughout, though he shows a tendency to level out across the back on the move.

Yearling Dog

1st, HUGHES, MISS J – SADIRA ALBERT

(TORNADO DU VAL D'ANZIN (IMP FRA) - CH SADIRA RWONDA)

20-month-old large male with a very good masculine head, dark eyes and pleasing expression. Good length of neck flowing into normal withers and a straight back. Croup of good length, though slightly steep. Very good forehand angulation with a correct underline. Hind angulation on the limits of the standard. Could be firmer coming and going. On the move he maintained a firm topline; however, he would be better suited to a larger ring where he could demonstrate his movement to fuller advantage.

Post Graduate Dog

1st, BINDEN, MR P J, MRS S J & MISS J S – SADIRA AYRTON WITH JASUETER

(TORNADO VAL D'ANZIN - CH SADIRA RWONDA)

Large, substantial 20-month-old black and gold male of very good type. Presents a strong, masculine head with a lovely dark eye and well-placed, firm ears. Very good length of neck leading into high withers and a straight, firm back. The croup is of good length but could ideally be better angled. Excellent front assembly with very good length and lay of upper arm and a well-placed shoulder. Feet are good, pasterns firm, elbows tight and underline correct. Hind angulation is well balanced and although close away, he is sound behind. A male who would benefit from a larger ring in which to display his powerful movement; nevertheless, he retained his high wither and firm topline on the move, showing good reach and strong hind drive, though the croup slightly detracts from the overall picture.

2nd, HILL, MR D & MRS S – OBI AV RØSTADGÅRDEN (IMP NOR)

(ZARON DEI MUROLO - QUIRA DI CASA MASSARELLI)

A large, substantial black and gold male of excellent overall type, presenting a masculine head with a most pleasing expression; eyes well coloured and blending harmoniously with the surrounding pigmentation. He shows a very good length of neck leading into a normal wither. On the day he carried a slight lift over the back, which detracted a little from an otherwise very impressive outline. He has a good length and well-laid croup, and an excellent forehand with correct length and lay of upper arm. Underline correct and excellent hind angulation, giving him the potential for powerful movement.  He showed a tendency to pace, but once settled into the correct gait he demonstrated very good reach and drive, covering the ground with ease and confirming his quality.

Limit Dog

1st, KEEN, MRS C – CLOKELLYS DUCATII

(P’YANKI DU VAL D’ANZIN - CLOKELLYS ELLIE)

A large black and gold male of medium strength, presenting an expressive head with a pleasing overall expression. Good length of neck leading into a high wither and a firm back flowing into a croup of good length and lay. The upper arm is of good length, though it could be better angled. Underline correct. Stands correct both front and rear and is sound coming and going. Shows very good deportment on the move, though I would prefer to see him freer in the fore reach to complete the picture.

2nd, PRICE, MRS R – MARLISH JUPITER

(SASKO VON DER ZENTEICHE - MARLISH HERMIONE)

A medium sized, strong and substantial black and tan male with a very good head and expression. Lips could be tighter and the eyes a shade darker to complete the picture. Good length of neck, normal wither and a slight nick behind the wither. Straight back flowing into a croup that is slightly short and steep. Very good forehand angulation, contributing to an excellent fore reach. Correct underline and very good hind angulation. Sound away, though he could be firmer in the elbows coming towards. A balanced mover who presented himself well on the go round.

Open Dog

1st, DAVIES, MR M J – CH RENO DE LA PETITE LAETICIA

(NERO VON GHATTAS - NIVESS DE LA PETITE LAETICIA)

Medium sized black and gold male of very good type, presenting a beautiful masculine head with a lovely expression. Good length of neck leading into a normal wither and a firm, straight topline. The croup is slightly short and steep. Excellent forehand angulation, correct underline and very good, well-balanced hind angulation. Stands straight in front and behind and is absolutely sound coming and going. An excellent mover who retained his topline at all speeds and never faltered in movement. A worthy winner of the Dog CC.

Veteran Bitch

1st, HENSLEY, MR & MRS D – WILLOW AT ZUBERG

(CH MONKSLEY KOHANA AT ZUBERG ShCM - ZUBERG FRIKA)

A large, expressive seven-year-old sable female. She presents a very good topline with a good length of neck, normal wither and a straight, firm back flowing into a slightly short and steep croup. Very good forehand angulation with a correct underline and excellent hind angulation. Stands correct both front and rear, sound coming and going, and maintains her topline on the move while displaying a spacious, coordinated gait.

2nd, SPELMAN, MRS C – NIKONIS LYRA

(CH HETTEL DI CASA MARY - NIKONIS EMMY)

A very feminine, expressive seven-year-old rich sable female. High wither, good clean topline and a very good length and lay of croup. Underline correct with very good hind angulation. Hocks and elbows could be firmer. A nice-moving female with very good reach and drive.

Minor Puppy Bitch

1st, TALBOT, MISS C & MISS G & MRS T & MR J – MAYASAN ITALIA

(SOLE DELLA BOCCA DEL VESUVIO - WAKEMATTS ZAZU)

Large 7½-month-old black and tan female of good head and expression, showing stretched proportions. Straight, firm back leading into a croup that is slightly flat but of good length. Upper arm slightly steep though of good length. Correct underline and balanced hind angulation. Stands almost correct in front and is almost sound behind. Once settled, she held herself well and displayed a spacious, coordinated gait. The best trained exhibit in the class.

2nd, ALLISON, MRS S – LORNSTONE WITCH

(LORNSTONE HONESY – DEMY VAN DE HERDERSFARM)

Medium sized, medium strength female, expressive with a good head. Normal wither, clean topline and a very good length and lay of croup. Underline correct, with an upper arm that is slightly short and steep and very good hind angulation. Really lacking in training and ring discipline; showing her teeth proved challenging and with more training she could easily have won the class.







Puppy Bitch

1st, PLATT, MRS S – CHARBONNEL RUMA

(CH RENO DE LA PETITE LAETICIA – CHARBONNEL)

Black and gold medium sized, medium strength feminine puppy of excellent type. Very alert and expressive with firm ears and a good length of neck. Normal wither and a lovely clean, firm topline flowing into a croup of correct angle, though slightly short. Feet and pasterns correct with very good forehand angulation, a correct underline and excellent hind angulation. On the move she displayed strong rear drive though I would prefer slightly freer fore reach. She retained her topline at all speeds. A really lovely puppy, well schooled and a worthy winner.

2nd, RUDKIN & DAVIS, MRS A & MRS M – GREUSENBERG BIBA

(CH BLERIO BEZIQUE AT MASCANI - MARLISH JUBILEE)

Large black and tan female with a strong, expressive head. Normal wither, straight back and a good length and lay of croup. The tail detracts from the overall picture. Upper arm of good angle though slightly short, with a correct underline and good hind angulation. Stands almost correct in front and correct behind and is sound coming and going. On the move she has a tendency to drop in the forehand and can rise slightly over the back.

Junior Bitch

1st, READMAN, LORD M – CHELEGO YALI AT WOLMER

(SOLE DELLA BOCCA DEL VESUVIO (IMP ITA) – WAKEMATTS PRIVIT)

Over medium size, expressive black and tan female of excellent type who caught my eye as soon as she entered the ring. Presents a beautiful strong yet feminine head and expression, with a good length of neck, high wither and a straight, firm back. Very good length and lay of croup, very good forehand angulation, correct underline and excellent hind angulation. Stands almost correct in front and correct behind and is sound coming and going. An excellent moving female who displayed a harmonious topline, retaining it throughout the movement phase and on the walk, showing excellent reach and drive. A worthy Reserve CC winner.

2nd, KIRBY, MR R & MRS J – NIKONIS SMIGLE AT DRAYCORE

(CH RENO DE LA PETITE LAETICIA - MAGIC VOM HERBRAMER-WALD)

Medium sized, medium strength sable female of excellent type, feminine and expressive. I would prefer a more pronounced stop. Good length of neck leading into a normal wither, straight, firm back and a croup that is slightly short and steep. She shows a slight tendency to hook her tail at times, which distracts from the overall picture. She has a good length of upper arm however could be better angled, with a correct underline and very good hind angulation. Stands correct both front and rear and is sound coming and going. On the move she retained a lovely, balanced gait at all speeds while maintaining her topline.



Yearling Bitch

1st, WINFROW & WINFROW, MR A & MRS L – SADIRA AIRKAHS

(TORNADO DU VAL D'ANZIN (IMP FRA) - CH SADIRA RWONDA)

Feminine black and gold female of medium size and strength, of very good type. Very good head with dark eye and pleasing expression. High wither, firm back and a croup that is slightly short and steep. Good forehand construction, correct underline and very good hind angulation. Correct stance both front and rear and sound coming and going. A well-schooled female with excellent deportment, displaying harmonious movement with good reach and drive.

2nd, LANDGREN & TOWNING, MISS R & MISS L – YAKASIMBA BIANCA

(UNIQUE STAR VON DUCATI - QUE SERA SERA X MEN STORM (IMP SWE))

Top-sized black and gold long coat female, substantial with good overall type. Feminine head with pleasing expression, good length of neck, high wither and firm, straight back. The croup is of good length, though slightly steep. Very good forehand angulation, correct underline and excellent hind angulation. Sound coming, though could be firmer away. Moved freely with very good balance, displaying excellent reach and powerful drive.

Post Graduate Bitch

1st, CARPENTER, MRS J – MARLISH JAMIRAH

(SASKO CON DER ZENTEICHE - MARLISH HERMIONE)

Large, substantial long coat female of excellent type with a very pleasing overall outline. Feminine and expressive with a good head and lovely expression. Good length of neck, normal wither and firm, straight back. Slightly deep in body, with a croup of good length and lay. Correct underline, good length and angulation of upper arm and excellent hind angulation. Pasterns could be firmer. Sound coming, though could be firmer away. Well-balanced overall proportions. On the move she displayed very good ground coverage with easy, flowing movement.

2nd, STANLEY, MRS R – PINCHMILL ADIRA OF BLANIK

(BLANIK KYRIACOS - TOILERS ASHLA)

Medium sized black and gold female of good strength with a pleasing head and expression. Normal wither, firm straight back and a croup slightly steep though of good length. Correct underline. Upper arm of good length, though somewhat steep. Moved well with good overall balance, though she tends to lower her head on the move, which affects the overall picture.

Limit Bitch

1st, DODDS & SWIFT, MR N & MS A – MONKSLEY QUESTA

(CH BLERIO BEZIQUE AT MASCANI - MONKSLEY FENDI)

Substantial black and tan female of good size and excellent breed type. Feminine head with a lovely expression, alert and enthusiastic in presentation. Very good length of neck leading into a high wither and firm, straight back. The croup is well laid though could be slightly longer. Excellent forehand assembly with very good length and angulation, correct underline, firm pasterns and tight feet. Excellent hind angulation. Correct stance both front and rear and sound coming and going. On the move she displayed excellent reach and drive with spacious, harmonious and well-balanced movement. Her ring presence and deportment stood out throughout. Pleased to award her the Challenge Certificate.

2nd, INGHAM, MISS P – PALUKA BALI JW

(PROMO VOM OSTERBERGER-LAND - PALUKA THALIA)

Medium sized black and tan female of good strength, presented in very good condition although slightly out of coat. Feminine female of very pleasing type with clean overall construction. Good head, feminine and with a lovely expression, good length of neck, normal wither and firm, straight back. The croup is of good length, though slightly steep. Correct underline. Upper arm of good length but could be better laid. Very good hind angulation. Correct both front and rear and sound coming and going. On the move she showed enthusiasm and power with a clean, balanced and harmonious gait.

image

Open Bitch

1st, GUY, MRS AS – MARINITA KAYLEIGH

(SASKO VON DER ZENTEICHE (IMP DEU) - ANYA-PALME VD YBAJO HOEVE)

Large black and gold female of medium strength and excellent type, expressive and powerful throughout. Eyes match well with the surrounding pigmentation. Good length of neck flowing into a normal wither and a firm, straight back, continuing into a well-laid croup of good length. Good forehand angulation, correct underline and excellent hind angulation. A very dynamic moving female who maintained her overall balance on the move, displaying powerful, enthusiastic and far-reaching movement throughout.

2nd, CASSIDY & FARLEY, MR P & MRS N – MAGIC VOM HERBRAMER WALD (IMP DEU)

(EMANUEL DI CASA BEGGIATO - LIANA VOM FICHTENSCHLAG)

Large sable female of very good type with a good head and pleasing expression. Good length of neck flowing into a normal wither, firm back and a croup of good length and lay. Good forehand angulation, correct underline and very good hind angulation. Stands straight in front and behind and is sound coming and going. On the move she displayed an excellent side gait with good reach and drive. There was very little between these two females on the day.
