Minor Puppy Dog. 2 entered, 1 absent.

Asher's Solophina Reynaldo bn 28.12.25, by Ronaldo du Val D'Anzin ex Zandamor Honda.
Tallish, medium strength, richly pigmented athletically built puppy dog of very good general proportions with particularly good length of foreleg. He has a well-shaped head with good expression. He has a very clean top line and a well moulded croup, he is well angled both ends and he has good  bone and feet. Stands and moves soundly and has a very pleasing side gait.
Best Puppy Dog.

Puppy Dog. 2 entries, 1 absent 

Barwoods Matt bn 15.19.25 by Billson's Wakematts Odi ex Barwoods Hyacinth.
Big strong masculine, well pigmented puppy dog of very good general proportions. Very good head and expression, very good topline where the croup is slightly steep. Very good hind angles and very good forehand assembly. Sound both ways with a good side gait where the back could be firmer.

Junior Dog. 2 entries.

1st. Fryer's, Kymrigkita Kevson, bn 15.4.25 by Clynalwin's Nukon ex Kymbrigkita Gucci.

Big medium strong, black and tan long coated dog of good proportions. Good head and expression, very good topline, very good hind quarters and very good forehand assembly. Sound both ways and moved well when settled.

2nd. Lawrence's, Inuhaus Joker, bn 18.6.25, by Cato Juttnerax ex Ganedog Amy. He
Big, medium strong, solid black dog of very good proportions. Good head and expression, unexaggerated topline, good hind angulation, well laid shoulder but the upper arm is rather steep. He is sound with a steady side gait where he is inclined to lose his topline.

Yearling Dog. 1 entry.

Cassidy's, Nikonis Stanley, bn 23.1.25 by Ch Rino De La Petite Laeticia ex Magic Von Herbramer Wald. 
Over medium size, strongly built sable dog of particularly good proportions all round. Masculine head and expression, very good topline and well moulded croup. He is very well angled in the hind quarter and well angled in the forehand where the upper arm is just slightly steep. 
He is sound and demonstrated a very good side gait where he retained his very good body shape. Should have a very interesting future.

Special Long Coat Yearling. 3 entries.

1st. Hardy's, Cafotoliena Arlo, bn 18.5.25, by Teo di Santo Venere ex Barwoods Ivy.
Medium size and strength dog with a masculine head and expression. Very good topline with a slightly short croup, very good proportions of length to height but slightly short in the foreleg. Very good hind angulation and forehand assembly. Sound both ways with a very good side gait. Has a rather long tail.

2nd. Merideth's, Greusenberg Bravo, bn 24.5.25, by Ch Blerio Bezique at Mascani ex Marlush Jubilee.
Big, over medium strength, black and tan dog. Very good head and expression, normal wither and a clean topline and well moulded croup. Very good hind angulation and very good shoulder placement but the upper arm is slightly short and steep. Standing true behind and slightly close in front. His steady side gait was at times very good. 

3rd. Zelazinska's, Xavi Wolf Empire bn 8.2.25 by Fredi Z Kowalewskiego ex Kala Mel Hof Wolf Empire.
Over medium size, powerfully built solid black dog. Very good head and expression. He has a high wither and a very good backline with a well moulded croup. He is very well angled fore and aft and is sound with a very good side gait. 
Could possibly have won the class but had issues showing his teeth.

Post Graduate Dog. 1 entry.

Morgan's, Lornstone Sijur, bn 18.3.24 by Lornstone Ganga ex Lornstone Dwendi.
A big, close coated athletically built black and tan dog. Good head and expression, clean topline with a well moulded but slightly short croup. Very good hind angulation and good shoulder placement but the upper arm is slightly short and steep. Very good proportions all round with a steady side gait.

Limit Dog. 4 entries.

1st. Talbot's, Wakematt's Luco, bn 3.1023 by Ch Odin Dei Lupi Di Mare ex Ch Wakematt's Etna.
Medium size and strength, richly pigmented, quality dog of excellent general proportions. Masculine head and expression, harmonious  top line into a well moulded croup. Very well angled in the hind quarter with matching forehand assembly. He stands straight front and rear and has a beautifully disciplined, light footed side gait. 

2nd. Hill's, Obi Av Roatadgarden, bn 16.12.23, by Zaron Dei Murolo ex Quiea Di Cassa Massaerelli.
Big, strong, powerfully built, richly pigmented male of very impressive appearance and slightly stretched proportions.  He has a well shaped strongly masculine head and expression, very good topline and well moulded croup,  powerful well angulated hind quarters and very well angled forehand. He stands straight fore and aft and demonstrated a very good side gait. Led the class until he lost some concentration. 

3rd. Elliott's, Toilers is Goran, bn 20.11.23, by Schiwago von Bad Boll ex Jutta vom Asgard.
Over medium size and strength dog of very good all round proportions. He has a very good topline but the croup is slightly steep. Excellent hind angulation and very good shoulder placement with a slightly short upper arm. Stands true front and rear and has a steady, very stylish side gait. 

4th. Price's, Marlish Jupiter, bn 9.4.22, by Sasko von der Zentieche ex Marlish Hermione. 
Big, strong, quality, black and tan dog who is losing some of his black saddle markings. Strong expressive head and a very good topline when posed but showed a dip at the wither when moving. Very harmoniously moulded croup of good length. He has a spacious side gait where he unfortunately loses his topline without the help of the lead.

Open Dog. 4 entered, 1 absent.

1st. Winfrow's, Sadira Xorrow, bn 8.6.23, by Ch Odin Dei Lupi De Mare ex Ch Fairycross Shakira at Sadira.
Medium size and optimum strength, strongly boned, black and gold quality dog of perfect proportions of to legnth to height and length of foreleg to depth of chest. 
Beautifully shaped masculine head with a typical expression, excellent topline from a high wither into a long well moulded croup. Strong robust hind quarters and matching forehand. Majestic in stance and transfered seamlessly from the walk into the extended gait remaining firm and dry throughout. Xorrow never put a foot wrong and his handler allowed him to stand naturally to his benefit. 

2nd. Bibby and Cox, Benzes vom Amur, bn 30.3.22, by Promo v Osterbergerland ex Zahel vom Amur.
Medium size and strength quality dog of perfect 10:9 length to height proportions and perfect length of foreleg to depth of chest ratio. He has a well shaped masculine head and expression with dark eyes and firm well set ears. Clean firm topline into a well moulded croup. Very good hind quarter angles and matching forehand assembly. Stands true fore and aft and his athletic build enabled him to move with a light footed effortless side gait.

3rd. Lakins, Ch Blerio Bezique at Mascani, bn 4.9.21, by Jasko vd Zentieche ex Ch Ursula Della Flamme Nere.
Over medium size, strong masculine dog of deep pigmentation and quality appearance. Slightly stretched proportions. His strong head could perhaps have a little more sculpted stop. Very good topline into a long well moulded croup, very good hind angulation and very good forehand assembly. He stands straight fore and aft and demonstrated a powerful, reaching side gait retaining his correct body shape. A very happy disposition. 

Special Long Coat Open. 2 entered
1st. Greusenberg Bravo. 

2nd. Cave's, Cassiann Atlas, bn 23.11.20, by Eli von Juvensity ex BallynabolaRia at Cassiann.
Big strong black and tan dog of very good proportions all round. Very good masculine head and expression. On stance he has a very good topline where the croup is slightly short. Very well angled fhind quarters and well laid shoulder but the upper arm is slightly steep. Stands true fore and aft and has a steady side gait. Carrying too much weight today.

Vetran Dog. 1 entry.

1st. Wilson's Int Ch. Clynalwin's Nukon. Bn. 16.3.16 by Irish Ch. Clynalwin's Jayson ex Zentrum Yana at Clynalwin.

Nukon is a big strong impressive male of very good general proportions all round. He has a very good head and expression, very good topline with a well moulded croup. He has a well angled and well balanced hindquarter and forehand. 

It was a pleasure to see him today.


Dog Challenge Certificate, Ch Sadira Xorrow.
Reserve Challenge Certificate, Wakematt's Luco.

Minor Puppy Bitch. 1 entered.

1st. Asher's, Solophina Ophelia, bn 18.22.25, by Ronaldo Du Val D'Anzin ex Zandamor Handa.
Over medium size and strength. Very alert, quality black and tan puppy. Beautiful feminine head and expression, high wither and a very pleasing topline with a well moulded but slightly short croup. Very good hind quarter angulation and very good forehand assembly. She has very good proportions with particularly good length of foreleg where the pasterns are rather steep. Very good light footed side gait. 

Puppy Bitch. 7 entered, 5 absent.

Talbot's, Mayasan Italia, bn 22.8.25, by Sole Della Bocca Del Vesuvio ex Wakematts Zazu.
Over medium size and strength, quality black and gold female of excellent proportions all round. Beautiful feminine head and expression. Very good topline into a slightly short croup. Very good forehand and very good hind angulation. She demonstrated a very good side gait.
Best puppy Bitch and best puppy in show.

2nd Stevens', Kleenhugel Kasey, bn. 11.8.25, by Schiwago von Bad Boll ex Kleenhugel Hetty.
Beautifully pigmented and well developed puppy of excellent general proportions. Over medium size and strength and very good feminine head and expression. Very good topline into a well moulded croup. Very well angled at both ends and has a very good side gait during which she retains her topline. However during the completion she pulled too much and dropped a little on the forehand.

Junior Bitch. 6 entered, 2 absent.

1st. Elliott's, Ellroost Iconic, bn. 28.6.25, by Tornado Du Val D'Anzin ex Ch Drayvore Vera at Ellroost.
Large, strong and richly pigmented female with a well shaped feminine head and expression. Very good topline into a slightly steep croup. Excellent hindquarters and a well laid shoulder but the upper arm is slightly short and steep. Excellent general proportions. Very good side gait during which she retains her outline.

2nd. Kundrotaite's, Leipsnas Bonkers, bn. 17.6.25, by Roy D'Ulmental ex Venome Laukinr Vilkauoge. 
Very typical sable female who unfortunately was losing her coat today. 
Very good feminine head and expression, very good topline into a well moulded croup. Excellent hindquarters and very good forehand assembly. She has excellent general proportions and moved very well.

3rd. Davis', Greusenberg Biba, bn. 24.5.25, by Ch. Blerio Bezique at Mascani ex Marlish Jubilee.
Over medium size and strength female with a strong feminine head and good expression. She has a rather short neck but a very good topline where the croup is slightly short. 

4th Hensley's, Felsental Indiana Indiana at Zuberg, bn. 4.7.25, by Ch. Desjiem Van De Herdersfarm ex Felsental Esprit. 
Quality black and gold female with a feminine head and expression, however her left ear leans in. Good topline in stance where the croup is slightly steep. Very good hind angulation and good shoulder placement but the upper arm is slightly short and steep. Very good proportions of length to height and she moves with a steady side gait. The group is markedly steep on the move.

Yearling Bitch. 5 entered.

1st. Winfrow's, Sadira Arikahs, bn. 6.10.24, by Tornado Du Val D'Anzin ex Ch. Sadira Rwonda.
Medium size and strength, richly coloured black and tan female of ideal all round proportions and athletic build. Well shaped feminine head and expression, beautiful clean over line into a well moulded croup. Excellent hindquarter angulation and very good forehand assembly where the upper arm is slightly short. She stands straight fore and aft and demonstrated a very good side gait retaining her very clean top line.

2nd. Maijers, Primestein Astra, bn. 19.9.24, by Ch. Reno De La Petite Laeticia ex Xoxi Solo Rogoletto.
Beautiful quality, black and gold, over medium size and strength female with a very good head and expression, very good topline and a well moulded croup. Very good hindquarters and matching forehand assembly. She moves soundly and has a very good gait. She misbehaves at times.

3rd. Cowan and Shipley's, Trimika Japan, bn 18.1.25, by Sardis vom Ghattas ex Gayville Varinka with Trimika. 
Large, strong, impressive female of 
good athletic build. Very good head and expression, very good clean topline and a very well moulded croup. Excellent hindquarters and very good forehand where the upper arm is slightly short and steep. Excellent proportions all round and is sound with a very good side gait retaining her outline at all times. Very well trained and presented by her young handler.

4th. Talbot's, Chelego Yali at Wolmer, bn. 11.11.24, by Sole Della Bocca Del Vesuvio ex Wakematts Privit.
Large, strong, quality female with a very good head and expression. Very good harmonious topline and a well moulded croup, very good hindquarter angulation and very good forehand assembly. Excellent general proportions and very good movement during which she retains her topline. She has a slight kink in her tail and was carrying too much weight today. 

5th.  Kundrotaite's, Fury Laukine Vilkauoge, bn. 2.11. 2024, by Margmann Waxx ex Rise and Shine Laukine Vilkauoge. 
Over medium size and strength, solid black female of very good general proportions and athletic build. Good topline in stance, very good hind angulation and very good forehand. Moving slightly wide at the front and sound behind with a light springy side gait.

Post Graduate Bitch. 7 entered, 4 absent.

1st. McAteer's, Rosebud Edie of Hundark, bn. 5.4.24, by Fairycross Alfie ex Renata vom Clarco.
Medium size and strength, sable female of ideal proportions of length to height and length of foreleg to depth of chest. She had a strong feminine head with good expression, very good topline and a well moulded but slightly steep croup. She is very well angled in the front and rear and stands straight at both ends. She is athletically built and moved with great enthusiasm at the extended gait. 

2nd. Landgren's, Yakasimba Bubbles, bn. 27.5.24, by Unique Star of Ducati ex Sera Sera XMen Storm.
Large, grey sable, long coated female of very good proportions all round. Very good head and expression, very good topline and very well moulded croup. She has excellent hind angulation and a rather forward placed shoulder assembly. She is sound both ways and moves beautifully, retaining her very pleasing outline.

3rd. Doherty's, Dora Ugninis Vilkas, bn. 29.4.23, by  Jackomo Garliavientis ex Nensi Armagedonas.
Big, strong, black and tan female of athletic build. Very good head and expression, very good top line with a rather steep croup. Very well angled hindquarters and very good forehand where the upper arm is slightly steep. Sound both ways with a good side gait. She was out of coat today.

Limit Bitch. 7 entered, 5 absent.

1st. Platt's, Charnonnel Pammy, bn. 6.8.23, by Promo v Osterberger Land ex Larath Libertine.
Quality, slightly paling black and gold female of over medium size and strength. Very good feminine head and expression, very good topline and croup, excellent hind quarters and very good forehand assembly.  Very attractive slightly stretched proportions, standing true and moving soundly with a very good side gait retaining her very good outline.

2nd. Webb's, Billie v Huhnegrab, bn. 5.10.20, by Ibor v Huhnegrab ex Efra v Huhnegrab.
Over medium size and strength, deeply pigmented, slightly stretched female with very good head and expression. Very good topline, very good hind angles and very good forehand assembly. She stands true and demonstrates a powerful side gait but she is carrying too much weight. 

Open Bitch. 9 entered, 3 absent.

This was an exceptional class by any standards.

1st. Bibby's, Ariel Di Santa Venere, bn. 22.12. 22, by Bazooka De Casa Celta ex Virna Di Casa Lupo.
Richly coloured female who is already losing some of her black saddle markings. She is over medium size and strength with a strong feminine head and expression. Slightly stretched proportions, beautiful topline and harmoniously moulded croup, excellent hind quarter angulation and matching forehand assembly. She is firm and dry and stands true fore and aft and she moved with superb reach and drive. Presented to her benefit with a minimum of fuss. Very well handled to an  exceptional performance.

2nd. Winfrow's, Sadira Xenna, bn. 8.6.33, by Ch. Odin Dei Lupi Di Mare ex Ch. Fairycross Shakira at Sadira.
Over medium size and strength, slightly stretched female of rich colour but already losing some of her black saddle markings. Very good head and expression, very good top line and well moulded croup. Excellent hindquarters and forehand assembly with very good length of foreleg. Stands true both ends and demonstrated a powerful side gait while retaining her outline.

3rd. Asher's, Zandamor Handa, bn. 14.2.23, by Zandamor Franco ex Fee v Bad Boll.
Big, strong, richly pigmented female of slightly stretched proportions and very good length of foreleg. Well shaped feminine head and expression, very good topline and well moulded croup. Very good hind angulation and very good forehand assembly. She stands true both ends and has an excellent side gait during which she retains her outline. Carrying a bit too much weight.

4th. Webb's, Jetta v Huhnegrab, bn. 18.6.21, by Ibor v Huhnegrab ex Efra v Huhnegrab. 
Large, strong, deeply pigmented female of very good general proportions. Very good feminine head and expression, very good topline but slightly steep croup. Excellent hind angulation and matching forehand assembly. She stands true and moved soundly. Very good side gait.

5th. Phillip's, bn. 4.4.23, by Ch. Kleenhugel Holly ex Naike Di Casa Mary. 
Medium size and strength, beautiful quality, richly coloured female but losing some black from the saddle. Excellent head and expression, very clean topline and long well moulded croup. Excellent hind angulation and forehand assembly. Calm natured with an excellent side gait. Unfortunately she did not perform very well in the heat today. 

6th. Fryer and Haywood's, Kymrigkita Djana, bn. 22.6.20, by Clynalwin's Jaeger at Kymrigkita.
Big, strong, expressive female with a well shaped feminine head. Good topline into a slightly short croup. Very well angled both ends, she stands true fore and aft and has a good side gait. Carrying too much weight today. After her individual her owner asked permission for 6 year old Djana to be excused as she was feeling the heat excessively. This was granted.

Special Long Coat Open. 8 entered, 3 absent.

1st. Bibby, Cox, Summerhill and Dicon's, Fluffy Cox von Shotaan, bn. 29.5.24, by Elton v Blankanera ex Napoli Di Casa Palomba.
Medium size and over medium strength, richly coloured quality female of slightly stretched proportions. Beautiful head and expression, clean topline from a normal wither into a well moulded croup. Maximum hindquarter angulation and excellent forehand assembly. Would benefit from a shade longer foreleg. Standing true fore and aft, she has a very pleasing, easy rhythmic side gait. 

2nd. Hardy's, Barwoods Ivy with Cafotoliena, bn. 27.4.22, by Ch. Wakematt's Tako ex Barwoods Hyacinth.
Medium size and strength, of very good all round proportions. Beautiful head and expression, very good topline and croup, very good hind angulation and forehand assembly. Sh stands straight front and rear and moves soundly and well retaining her outline. 

3rd. Zelazinska's, Tanita Wolf Empire, bn. 14.1.24, by Fredi Z Kowalewskiego ex Kira Z Doliny Debow.
Over medium size and strength, solid black female of very good proportions. Very good feminine head and expression, very good topline and croup, she stands straight both ends and moves soundly with a very good gait.

4th. Rudkin's, Marlish Jamira, bn. 9.4.22, by Sasko von der Zentieche ex Marlish Hermione. 
Big strong female with an excellent head and expression. Very good proportions, very good topline and croup, very good hind quarters and good forehand assembly where the upper arm is slightly steep. Sound coming and going with an easy side gait.

5th. Landgren's, Yakasimba Bianca, bn. 27.5.24, by Unique Star of Ducati ex Que Sera Sera XMen.
Big strong deeply pigmented female with a very good head and expression. Very good topline where the well moulded croup is slightly short. Very good hind angulation and very good forehand assembly. Very good proportions all round, she stands true and very good sound side gait 

Vetran Bitch. 5 entered, 2 absent.

1st. Cowan and Shipley's, Gayville Varinka with Trimika, bn. 21.7.18, by Gary v Huhnegrab ex Paris v Simpor.
Big, strong black and tan female of good athletic build.Strong well shaped head with good expression, very good topline with a well moulded but slightly short croup. Excellent hind angles and forehand assembly, she stands true both ends and has a very good side gait.

2nd. Romilly's, Que Sera Sera XMen Storm, bn. 8.3.18, by Fantom Team D'Ulmental ex Que Sera Sera Slipknot.

Long coated female of excellent general proportions. Very good head and expression, very good topline and well moulded croup, very good hind quarters and forehand. She stands true and demonstrates a very good sidebgait. 

3rd. Hensley's Willow at Zuberg, bn. 4.10.18. by Ch Monksley Kohana at Zuberg ex Zuberg Frika.
Big, strong, sable female of excellent general proportions. Very good head and expression, very good topline where the croup is slightly short. Very good hind angles and forehand assembly. She stands true and move very well.

